[docs] VACMS-11966: facility runbook enhancements (#12860)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/runbook-vamc-facility-new.md

[@TODO: Update email template]

<details><summary>Email template </summary>

```
Hello! You should now be able to edit the draft page for this facility, located at [LINK TO NEW FACILITY DRAFT PAGE ON PROD]

Important: Please make sure that all relevant steps listed within the “How do I add a facility to my health care system?” Knowledge Base article have been completed: https://prod.cms.va.gov/help/vamc/about-locations-content-for-vamcs/how-do-i-add-a-facility-to-my-health-care-system

Once finished, please save this page (and all related VAMC Facility Health Service pages) in the moderation state “Draft." Please do not save them as “Published.”

Please let us know when your draft content is complete, so that we can wrap up the technical process from our end before publishing the new facility to VA.gov. Thanks!
```

</details>

- [ ] 5. When editor has prepared content and let help desk know, reassign this issue to appropriate CMS engineer on Product Support team, for bulk publishing.

#### CMS engineer steps
- [ ] 6. CMS engineer bulk publishes nodes and facility.

> - [ ] 7. CMS engineer edit facility node and remove `New facility` flag and save node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 7. CMS engineer edits facility node by removing the `New facility` flag and saves the node.
```
